Add folder field for `d/vsphere_virtual_machine` (#2119)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vsphere: website/docs/d/virtual_machine.html.markdown

  is not performed.
* `uuid` - (Optional) Specify this field for a UUID lookup, `name` and `datacenter_id`
  are not required if this is specified.

> * `folder` - (Optional) The folder to look up the virtual machine. The `name` field is limited to 80 characters. The folder field mitigates this limitation.
>    In other words if the name is filled with path to VM, and it exceeds the 80 characters limit of the `name` field, `name` can be used for the VM name and `folder`
>    can be filled with the path to the VM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `folder` - (Optional) The name of the virtual machine folder where the virtual machine is located. The `name` argument is limited to 80 characters. If the `name` argument includes the full path to the virtual machine and exceeds the 80 characters limit, using the `folder` folder argument can be used.
```
